BAUM TenPers GRE — Protected Question Delivery Upgrade

WHAT THIS BUILD DOES
- All 9 HTML pages now request questions through the authenticated Supabase question-session Edge Function.
- The browser receives only id, section, skill, difficulty, prompt and choices before submission.
- correct_answer and explanation are returned only after submit-test grades the authenticated session.
- Existing local result/review/analytics code is reused after server grading.
- The encrypted local bank remains as a TEMPORARY fallback while the live path is verified.

IMPORTANT BACKEND FIXES INCLUDED
1. question-session now uses the service-role client only inside the Edge Function to read gre_questions, because RLS intentionally gives students no direct SELECT policy on that table.
2. Every delivered question is recorded in session_questions.
3. submit-test verifies that the session belongs to the authenticated user and grades only questions actually assigned to that session. This prevents using the grading endpoint as an answer-key oracle for arbitrary question IDs.
4. Multi-answer responses are normalized safely.
5. test_sessions scores/duration and student_skill_stats are updated after grading.

DEPLOY THE TWO UPDATED FUNCTIONS FROM THE PROJECT ROOT
  npx supabase functions deploy question-session
  npx supabase functions deploy submit-test

Then replace the 9 HTML files in the site project with the HTML files from this package.
Keep your existing supabase-config.js in the project root.

VERIFY
1. Sign in with the Supabase test user.
2. Start a 5-question Quant practice set.
3. In DevTools > Network, question-session should return HTTP 200 and a session_id.
4. Confirm the question-session JSON has NO correct_answer and NO explanation fields.
5. Answer and submit.
6. submit-test should return HTTP 200 with graded results and explanations.
7. The Question Delivery Security indicator should read "Protected server question delivery active" after a successful fetch.

DO NOT DELETE THE LOCAL ENCRYPTED BANK YET.
Once live fetch + grading are verified in production, make a subsequent production-hardening build that removes the local bank and its answer keys from the browser entirely.
